yeah Madchild from swollen members
battle axe warriors with up mr. Peter
Parker I'm an evil at all I'm fucking
fly like Batman for the League of
Shadows I'm a heart seeing even with the
breathing problem a bit blue and yellow
flames and then I'll eat a goblin I'm
The Incredible Hulk as far as these
flows but my body and my face turns blue
when I'm in beast mode no it's the
coming at the beach I'm calming me I'm
ramen like I vomit up a feast Jet Li
it's a problem now that I have been
unleashed I'm a giant riot watch for
flying iron in the street last year I
was nothing but a lying junkie tripping
on fucking pink elephants and flying
monkeys but now we're back i got the
hunger of a great white on the street
with a steak knife yelling i hate life
mr. peter parker nobody coming darker
than man china rise like egg embarking
in the argument walking through a dark
apartment on with every cartridge is to
rip the heart apart from rotting
carcasses with parking yeah it's the
last of the mohicans trafficking on
weekends too laughing in the deep end
snot-nosed laughing from the ass and
when I'm peaking to pop in 20 80s every
day then I was freaking compassion is a
weakness is your enemies will not share
they don't care if you're screaming that
it's not fair a lot of rappers out full
of hot air trying to be clever ever
mentally the night there I was dealt a
bad hand like a card player trying to
embark upon a mission from a dark lair a
lot of rappers out full of hot air
trying to be clever ever mentally
they're not there Madchild i am still
killing and these are cooking comics
from a comic book villain i'm canadian
something of us is boring people we
played hockey where's hoops and drink
orange pekoe we are battle axe warriors
there's no equal I know kids they got
more tools and home depot I don't got a
man purse aware of our clothes we do not
talk like the movie Fargo I'm spitting
bars like the karate chop quick to make
a body drive through so many dents you
need a body shop acting an appropriate
from Tokyo deven Godzilla breathing fire
when i'm in tokyo japan proud to be
canadian my brain made of titanium
patong fight sharper than the sword of
an array be
sharper than the vampire fangs from
Transylvania trying to start a crazy get
the av's Hulkamania a spit venom grown
cobra stone soldier i scoped i'm a snow
blower with a cold shoulder nothing
quite ridiculous cos it's the situation
put me in the mental hospital i'll be
the sickest patient i'll leave these
rappers for dinner without no
reservation get it in a reservation I
need medication